hey guys are what the hell I've been
looking for you guys everywhere don't
let go with the leash and run away into
the park okay with my camera because
then someone's gonna someone's gonna
kidnap you when someone kidnaps you then
come here come here no no no no come
come here come here decided to tell you
guys this very private story in a public
park luckily it's raining so nobody
besides my crazy asses out here so far
time on the side I like to deliver
actually I don't like to let me rephrase
that on the part time I am forced to
deliver pizza to make a living it's for
like a local bistro pizza parlor place
on the main street in the neighborhood
that I live in and I was delivering food
on the main street with and this guy I'm
standing there with these two pizzas
these two personal pizzas and I'm
waiting for this lady to come down from
her apartment I call em like I this is
so-and-so from so-and-so I am here with
your food and then she's like all right
I'll be down in a minute so I'm standing
there up against my cards Saturday night
there's people walking by and whatnot
and then this guy shorter like up to my
shoulder would say I'm really black
really built comes up to me and he's
like hey man and he looked clearly drunk
he was obviously like a little tipsy
nothing wrong with that but it didn't I
had no idea where this was potentially
leading he comes up to me and he tries
to haggle me and buy the food off of me
easily man I'm really really hungry man
I just you know I like come on man how
much how much you gonna pay twice as
much made three times as much and I'm
like you know that'd be great and all I
could keep that aspirin like nah man I
can't i gotta give this lady her food so
by the time we're done bickering and
whatnot and he's trying to buy the food
off of me she comes out and i give it to
her and he's like all right well i'm
going to take the number down from the
place and I'm gonna call them and I'm
gonna order a pizza and I want you
deliver my pizza I was like all right
well that's you know that's cool I
justice I thought this guy was like a
bro or whatever you know I'll deliver
sweet for him that's fine and he tells
me is like i'm gonna tip you well I want
you to deliver it okay fine I go back he
calls cause the place i pick up or i
didn't pick up somebody their pickup
he's a gay Tyler someone's asking for
you so I forget it it's the same guy I
answer the phone and he says hey man
what's up man it's me so and so I want
one large pepperoni pizza and I was like
all right anything else no all right
he's like all right but make sure you
deliver my pizza I'm like well you know
I'd like to you know that'd be cool but
you know I can't guarantee that i'll be
here and it's not gonna want it's not
gonna be sitting out someone's gonna
take it if I'm not here so he's like all
right well how about this you come and I
will tip you $19 anybody else comes
they're not getting tipped so I guess
that was fair enough to say that yeah
I'm gonna take the pizza cuz nobody else
is gonna want to fucking do it so I take
his pizza about the half hour later and
go to his house and I call him to let
him know I'm there after I let him know
it's about a minute or two of waiting
and then he comes to the door he comes
to the door in nothing but his boxers
then he says to me after he gives me he
held up his end this was a $21 pizza he
hands me forty dollars $19 tip and he's
like I real quick on before you go I
just have one quick question um are you
one hundred percent straight and I said
yeah I am and he's like damn and I that
sucks i really wanted to blow you and
yeah then never clicked in my head until
those until he asked me if I was gay or
not it never clicked into my head why
this guy wanted me to deliver his
fucking pizza so much and why he was
willing to tip me $19 I figured you know
sure black I build you a cool dude I
guess whatever I didn't know he was into
tall fucking white guys apparently it's
all beautiful white men nobody believed
me by the way nobody i went back to the
place I worked at and I told everyone
like you'll never believe what just
happened I told this exact same story
and nobody believed me but if you
remember what I
said I called him when I was out front
of my house when I was effing at his
house I called him to let him know that
I was there I called him and said hey
man i'm outside and then after since I
call him and he had my number as I was
leaving he sends me this on the upside
if you ever get super horny or blue
balls yeah he actually sent me that much
to text message as i drive away from his
house and then about an hour later he
calls me I didn't answer but he called
me one time it's hard being a delicious
piece of man meat a lot of people want
to buy you for cheap apparently i'm
worth $19 will you ask anybody who has
ever delivered pizza maybe even yourself
$19 tip is like a five-thousand-dollar
tip there's a lot of inflation and
whatnot so it's nice to know that I have
a back-up plan just in case i'm getting
tired of vagina i would totally have
said yes to that guy but he was black
and i want to come back at some point
what the fuck
you